---
layout: post
title:  "Week 7"
date:   2016-03-06 23:25:00
categories: CS373
---

![portrait](http://raw.githubusercontent.com/SrsBusiness/SrsBusiness.github.io/master/images/head.png)

###What did you do this past week?###

We had our last couple classes before the test this week. We discussed
function decorators in Python. These are functions that take as input some
function and transforms it. It's an interesting idea, and it really leverages
the fact that functions are first class objects in Python. From what I've seen
so far, it can be used to improve readability of functions. If you're function
needs to do a lot of preprocessing of inputs, caching, or some other mundane
thing, you can pontentially make a decorator to augment the function to do
those extra things. This way you preserve the code of the original function,
which is probably more descriptive and readable.

Aside from class, I had been preparing extensively for the exam. I reread most
of the papers and the book on Extreme Programming. Professor Downing posted a
list of expected topics for the exam, which helped a lot in preparing for it.
We were allowed one sheet of paper with anything written on it except for
code. I basically wrote down what I thought was important for every topic that
may appear on the test. Overall I think the test was very fair because we were
told literally everything that could appear on the exam. For many of the
questions I had the answer verbatim on my cheatsheet. The exam went very well
for me.

###What's in your way?###

Nothing at the moment.

###What will you do next week?###

Our 3rd assignment was released, IDB1, so I'll try to form a group of 5. Aside
from that it'll be a typical week in Software Engineering.

###Tip of the Week###

No link this week, just a general tip. We discussed refactoring in the class
(or at least it was covered in Extreme Programming). In my experience
refactoring can be difficult and error-prone. Obviously things like unit tests
can help you catch mistakes. But many IDEs have refactoring tools built into
them that can automate this process, making it easier on the programmer. I'd
recommend learning about and exploring these functionalities.
