---
layout: post
title:  "Week 4"
date:   2016-02-14 23:25:00
categories: CS373
---

![portrait](http://raw.githubusercontent.com/SrsBusiness/SrsBusiness.github.io/master/images/head.png)

###What did you do this past week?###

This week I started on the Netflix assignment. I've mainly been handling the
logistic requirements of the assignment and given some thought as to how I
would estimate the user ratings. We are given a lot of data from the datasets
and usually for problems like these it is best to implement some sort of
machine-learning algorithm. However in my experience training such systems can
be very time-consuming. One could also try to hard-code weights for all the
possible inputs, which is simpler to code, but is tedious and hard to get
correct. The best solution may be some balance between the two approaches.

###What's in your way?###

As I mentioned before, the design for this program will be a challenge. Unlike
the previous assignment, we are given no boilerplate code. We were really only
given some articles that I did find useful, and my current ideas for this
program are inspired by them. I think there are some details I need
clarification on, so I'll be working on formulating questions on Piazza.

###What will you do next week?###

I aim to come up with a working solution to the Netflix assignment, to publish
some cached data sets to the public cache directory, and to be active on
Piazza.

###Tip of the Week###

Learn to use [tmux](https://tmux.github.io), particularly if you like to work
via SSH. Using SSH alone will give you problems, namely the fact that if the
SSH session terminates for any reason, all your processes on the remote
machine will terminate. By creating a tmux session on the remote machine, you
can attach and detach from the session at will without killing any process
forked from within that session. You can do fancy things like allow multiple
users to attach to one session, which can be useful for remote and real-time
collaborative work.
